It's impossible.
We're demon hunters.
Getting killed by the
impossible's an everyday hazard.
This time is different.
We have no recorded cases of
any demon higher than Type 2.
But these demons.
what they could do…
Their power level
marks them as Type 4s.
At least.
The real question is. where's
this apocalypse at. huh?
After all the hype. I'm
almost disappointed.
Whatcha mean?
I mean. the Rabbit has Sparda's
sword and both halves of the amulet.
That's everything it needs
to blow our world wide open.
So. why is this
wall still standing?
You can ask it in person.
The amulet stopped
a few miles north.
This dumbfuck devil spawn has no
idea it's leading us right to it.
Grab what you need.
we leave in 60.
I'll admit I had doubts about you.
But the way you charged in
to take the Rabbit on solo…
You've got some elite-sized
balls. Can you stand?
100%. Lieutenant.
Absolutely. Good to go.
Maybe just a little longer.
Sit tight. We'll
call Evac for you.
I can take
his place. Lieutenant.
That blast from the Rabbit's sword
laid me out. but I'm good now.
I want to see this mission
through to the end.
Shh.
If you hadn't gotten
me out of the way…
I know.
Just try a little harder not to
get yourself killed this time.
All right?
No promises.
Let's go get this
carrot-munching motherfucker.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
["Rollin'"
♪ Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Your… your… your hands up ♪
♪ Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'. rollin'
Rollin'. rollin' ♪
♪ Hey. ladies. hey. fellas ♪
♪ And the people that
don't give a ♪♪♪♪ ♪
♪ All the lovers.
all the haters ♪
♪ And all the people That
call themselves players ♪
♪ Hot mommas. pimp daddies ♪
♪ And the people
rollin' up in Caddies ♪
♪ Hey. rockers. hip-hoppers ♪
♪ And everybody all
around the world ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin' Rollin'.
rollin'. rollin' ♪
You have to keep
this safe. always.
You promise?
I promise.
Where's mine? I want mine now.
- Vergil. do you promise to take...
- Yeah. I promise. Give it.
There.
Two perfect halves of a whole.
I think mine's bigger.
No. it's not. Let me see.
Hey.
Okay. boys. that's enough.
I said enough!
I'm not sleepy enough.
You're never sleepy.
Why can't you be more
like your brother?
Okay. what story do
you want tonight?
Tell me about Dad.
Do we get to meet him soon?
All right. I'll tell
you a story about Dad.
But after that you
have to go to sleep.
Your dad…
Son of Sparda.
Why does my head feel like this?
I'd say it's a miracle
it feels like anything.
Enzo?
Hey. good news. kid.
Looks like you're still alive.
The bad news is we're
prisoners again.
So. you did
survive the bomb.
By his hand. all
things are possible.
I know your voice.
and your face.
Aren't you the guy in
those mattress commercials?
Close.
- He's the vice president.
- Oh.
You're awake.
Remind me again.
which of you is the Human Torch knockoff.
and which is the talking leaf blower?
You sure you want to be
insulting us right now?
And he's obviously the
leaf blower. Come on!
Agni. the video.
Right. Rabbit left
a video for you.
Trust me. It's a good one.
- You've got to put the thing in the...
- I know!
It's not my fault the humans
made the hole too small.
Dante. have you considered
what I told you?
You mean what you said
about my soul being dirty?
I said that God may yet redeem
you. regardless of your origins.
Surely you see how he
must have a plan for you.
to bring you back from
the brink of death.
No disrespect. Mr. Vice. but these
guys knew your exact location
and jacked your plane
like it was nothing.
I think death's still very much
on the table for all of us.
No.
This isn't where
my death will come.
How do you know?
Because God will not allow it
until the purpose he
intends for me is fulfilled.
We are all servants
of the Lord's plan.
willingly or not.
Got it!
Welcome aboard Air Force Two.
We ask that you please pay
attention to the screen
for an important
safety announcement.
You're all going to die.
That is. unless the son
of Sparda can save you.
Son of a what? Huh?
Looks like the amulet's
on the top floor.
Along with the
Rabbit. I'm betting.
Strange hideout
for a demon bunny.
What did you expect? Some sort
of giant underground burrow?
I mean. I don't know.
Kinda.
Backup's still four minutes out.
We can't wait.
That thing could put the
sword and the amulet together
and end the world
anytime it wants.
We go in now.
Take the stairs and stay sharp.
We have to be ready for any
kind of fucked up demon bull...
…shit.
This is Ninja for
HQ. HQ. do you copy?
Anyone? God damn it.
Attention all residents.
A terrorist group known as "DARKCOM"
has just entered the building.
Their intentions are
extremely hostile.
I'm not asking
you to fight them.
I'm simply encouraging it.
Anyone caught engaging with them
in a friendly or neutral manner
will be subject to
immediate execution.
Have a great day.
God damn.
Who the hell else does
he have locked in here?
We walked into his
own personal fortress.
The mission hasn't changed.
We get to the top floor. we
get the amulet. we get out.
However we can.
We're with you. Let's move.
Even cut off the
communication line.
This is way more sophisticated technology
than we've seen any of them use before.
What kind of demon is this?
One slightly worse than
your usual landlord.
Sentry?
An energy sword.
Fascinating.
Fire!
Damn it.
I…
Stay with me. Please.
No!
Yes.
watch them die.
After all. it was you who marched
them straight into our warm embrace.
Embrace this.
Shit.
Yes. Dante. I've known
your true origins for some time.
and if you're honest with
yourself. you know it too.
You must have accepted by
now you have demon blood.
Would just any hybrid.
the child of some common
brute and a frail sapien.
be able to do the
things you can do?
Why did half of the amulet that Sparda
used to seal the rift between realms
end up as a piece
of your jewelry?
The deadbeat father
you never met.
who abandoned your
family without a thought.
was the noble and exalted
demon knight Sparda.
Right. Sparda.
Sure thing.
- Can you believe this guy?
- Huh?
I could go on and on listing
evidence. but really. look at you.
Everything about you marks
you as a child of aristocracy.
You know nothing of the pain
and misery in our world.
what your father dooms us to
with his sadistic barrier.
He rebelled against
a brutal tyrant.
then locked us in
a cell together
while he lived as a
hero among humans.
Sparda was nothing but
a narcissistic coward.
You've done his legacy proud.
Damn.
You gonna let him talk
about your dad like that?
Sorry.
Got off on a tangent there.
The point is. the plane you're
on is rigged with explosives.
which my men will
detonate momentarily.
Leaving everyone plunging toward
a squishy and undignified end.
But not to worry.
as Sparda's son. it should be simple
for you to activate your Devil Trigger
and save them all.
I'd bet on it.
Wow. my good buddy and
protégé. the son of Sparda.
Come on. even if my dad might have
been demon. Sparda isn't real.
He's their version
of the boogeyman.
No. he's real.
So real.
Take it from us who've been living
with the fallout of his betrayal
for the last two millennia.
Ha. see? Two millennia.
You really think my dad is a
demon from 200.000 years ago?
How old do I look?
I'm sure you're aware that demons
age differently than humans.
It is entirely possible that Sparda
lived long enough to be your father.
or that he lives still.
Dante. I've always known
you were part demon.
All right. I didn't
know. I suspected.
Had an inkling. maybe.
I just couldn't figure how.
but you being Sparda's
son explains everything.
He's the good demon.
He fought for us against them.
That's what's in your
blood. You get it?
Let's see if he's right.
You heard Rabbit.
Either you stop us. or we
blow them out of the sky.
It's all right. everyone.
Dante is going to use that
Devil Trigger of his to save us.
What is a Devil Trigger. anyway?
No idea.
Great. We're going to die.
No. we're not.
I don't need any kind of
trigger to beat these two.
What are they going to do?
Form half a Captain Planet?
I wouldn't be so cocky. mate.
After all.
you failed at saving
your own mom and brother.
Oh. yeah.
Rabbit knows all about
what happened to them too.
How you just hid and
watched as they died.
I was a helpless kid when
those demons attacked us.
I'm not one anymore.
Well. let's see if we can't make
you feel a little nostalgic.
Lieutenant.
You did this.
You killed us.
Just like you killed…
No.
Mary.
Dad?
Look at what you've done.
This isn't real.
You're not real.
You're real.
Go away.
Get out of here.
There's nowhere to go.
I know the Rabbit threatened
you. has everyone here hostage.
but there is a demon
right behind me.
You're with those soldiers.
We don't want any trouble.
There are no more soldiers.
The demons killed them all.
It's just me. Please.
Quickly.
Open.
No. no.
Now. please. just go and leave us.
Poor little half-breed.
Gets hit with one measly fireball.
and turns into a whimpering baby.
Seems like that strength Sparda
gave you won't be much use up here.
As useless as the man himself.
The way we heard it. he didn't even
bother showing up to protect you.
Ooh. watch
out for the left!
Look on the bright side.
After watching your
whole family die.
watching these people die
should be easy for you.
Aw.
The one time you're fighting for
something other than yourself.
and this is how you do it?
Rabbit was right about you.
You're just like your dad.
Your dad…
Your dad was a brave warrior.
The bravest who ever lived.
He fought against all the bad
things so we could be free.
Huh?
You're right.
I am like him.
Truly remarkable.
Wow. What is that?
I think this is
the Devil Trigger.
Also. I think I'm
the son of Sparda.
I've been trying to tell you.
He's ready. Blow the charges.
Yeah.
Just give me a second
to kill him first.
We could say he
died in the blast.
Getting killed with
your own sword…
that'd be embarrassing.
Brother!
We risked everything
to hide you.
Now you turn your gun
on us? On our kids?
We want nothing from
you. Just leave. please.
Your friend slaughtered my team.
You think we're with…
with them?
She's a sapien.
Of course she thinks
all demons are the same.
If you're not with the
White Rabbit's gang.
why are you here?
We… We needed a way
out. He had one.
A way out of where?
Makai.
You call it the
Demon Realm. or Hell.
But it's not Hell.
It's worse.
A desolate place.
barely suited for life.
And that was before the warlords
ravaged what few resources we had.
and turned the atmosphere toxic.
Only the strongest Makaians
can stand to breathe it.
For those like us…
The air
itself is poison.
Children rarely survive
their first year.
We couldn't accept that fate.
Weak-ass sob story.
It doesn't explain how the overgrown
rodent got you into our realm.
With a device that he built.
He showed up with it a year ago.
offering passage to this
world for anyone who wanted.
Dozens of families like us came.
We did it so
our children could live.
and live in a better world.
Then we realized. there
is no better world for us.
Sapiens hate and fear our kind.
We'll never be able to
mix openly amongst you.
We have no choice but
to stay here in hiding.
doing whatever that
lunatic tells us.
and turning a blind
eye to… to his…
To his what?
The children who are orphans.
he does tests on them.
Experiments.
All we're trying
to do is survive.
Like you.
I know better than to
trust the words of a demon.
but after everything
that's happened.
maybe I don't
actually know shit.
My backup should
be outside by now.
I'll find a way to get them in.
then I'm going Rabbit hunting.
I'll make sure you're protected.
You and the other…
families.
You killed my brother.
But unlike yours.
he will have vengeance.
Don't do it.
Oh. shit!
♪ Bless me ♪
♪ With the leaf
off of the tree ♪
♪ On it. I see ♪
♪ The freedom reign ♪
♪ We are falling ♪
♪ The light is calling ♪
♪ Tears inside me ♪
♪ Calm me down ♪
♪ Midnight calling ♪
♪ Mist of resolving ♪
♪ Crown me ♪
♪ With the pure. green leaf ♪
♪ Praise to my father ♪
♪ Blessed by the water ♪
♪ Black light. dark sky ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN
CONROY
♪ The devil's cry ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org